feat(linter): assign severity to groups (#4867)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/better_control_over_linter_groups.md

---
cli: minor
---

# Better control over linter groups

Linter groups now accept new options to enable/disable all rules that belong to a group, and control the severity

> of the rule that belong to those groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the rules that belong to those groups.
```

> For example, it's you can downgrade the severity of rule that belong to `"style"` to emit `"info"` diagnostics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can downgrade the severity of rules that belong to `"style"` to emit `"info"` diagnostics:
```
